Add MAP Upgrade topic (#3167)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.10/graph-views/map-web-upgrade.md

---
id: map-web-upgrade
title: Upgrading MAP
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> > If you're updating to a new major or minor version (i.e:A.B.x with A or B that
> > changes) you need to contact our Support service to retrieve the new
> > repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're updating to a new major version (i.e: A.B.x with A or B that
> changes) you need to install the new Business
> repository. You can find its address on the [support portal](https://support.centreon.com/hc/en-us/categories/10341239833105-Repositories).
```
